The Joe Rogan experience.
There's no part of the mainstream that looks at all credible to me anymore.
Well, it's real wacky now, right? And here's a,
here's a wacky one where the New York times, um, is they, the,
their debunking,
this idea that the Wuhan lab may have been the source of
COVID when they're like, when all these different people are talking about it,
we've been on this for forever. We have been on it forever.
What it's it's extraordinary is the,
the New York times is still saying debunked claims with
no evidence whatsoever, you know,
saga and jet from the rising in the hill had this whole piece about it on his,
I love what they're doing. They're the best. They're the.
Best got two channels. Have you been on either?
Well, I've, I've only had him on here and crystal together, but what I.
Like about, but that was what you guys did right. At the beginning of that,
where they explained what happens. I didn't mean to cut you off that's okay. Um,
what happens in the cycle when your team wins and your team loses and how,
but they've both broken out of that and they're on that away. Yes.
That was there. What we, that was 10 minutes. Yeah.
That I needed to hear that you,
I thought you broke new three of you guys broke really new ground.
They're what we.
Need. Yeah.
There's a reasonable person on the left and a reasonable person on the right.
And they're both committed to honesty above. All right.
They might have different philosophical.
Spective, crystals towards saga because she's seeing yes.
The rot on the left. Yes. What my hope is is that she's going to be,
um,
a credible progressive who's rejecting all this nonsense progressivism.
Yeah. I think, I think you're right. She's very smart.
And so is he and the two of 'em together. Wonderful.
What were you gonna say before I cut off? What I was gonna say,
say is they were talking about how the New York times is,
is talking about this de I forget who they were quoting, who, who was, uh,
entertaining this idea red, is that what the CDX CDC guy that's right.
The CDC guy that he was, uh, entertaining this idea, this, uh,
this debunked idea of this from a lab, but it's not debunked.
Not only is it not debunked, it's more possible than ever.
But the problem is the idea was originally associated with Donald Trump.
So these at the New York times still have it in their head that they can't
admit.
I don't know that that's, what's going on general. What do you think it is?
Well, that what they, do's a weird move.
We should tell people exactly what it, what they're saying. Okay. The, the,
the former head of the CDC is saying that it's more probable
than not. He's not saying it's absolute.
He's saying it's more probable than not that it escaped from a lab. Right.
And he details it. And he actually predates it. He goes pre uh, you know,
he goes like deep into, in October.
He believes it might have emanated around that time started spreading. They,
the reason why is, and it all makes total sense. This is an, a,
a very unusual laboratory.
The laboratory had been cited in 2018 for safety protocol violations.
The laboratory works on the exact same kinds of
coronaviruses that cause this worldwide prep pandemic on bats,
they work on bat. Yep.
Coronaviruses and this is one of two level four labs that are in this area.
So this,
this whole thing is so it's so much more likely that it emanated from the lab.
But the problem is the,
the narrative was Donald Trump is racist. Donald Trump calls it,
the China virus. Donald Trump says it came from a lab.
It can't have come from a lab. Cause Donald Trump's always wrong.
That's one possibility. I'm worried about something beyond that.
What are you worried about?
The way that they make this move is that they anonymize the lab leak
hypothesis with a synthetic virus engineered from scratch.
So in other words, the idea of like maybe somebody growing, uh,
horseshoe back coronavirus in human lung tissue to Excel,
accelerate natural selection. Cause like, we don't know how to engineer it,
but if you let, if you let natural selection engineer it,
you can accelerate that. Right. So instead of saying, um,
we don't know what to make of accelerated natural selection in a lab leaking.
They try to make this move, which is like, you know,
there's no sign that this was engineered in a lab. And you're like, okay,
well you changed what the hypothesis is in order to say what you're saying to
protect your future credibility.
And the thing that I'm really freaking out about, you've been talking about it.
Brett's been talking about,
I've been talking about all sorts of people have been talking about this one for
a year.
I increasingly think that none of these organizations think that they owe us
kind of truth, that when they get caught, it's just like, yeah,
of course we had to say that, like what? Yeah. You know,
like this time magazine article about, of course we fortified the election,
you, you what? Oh yeah, we fortified it. Oh, I,
Trump was right about a conspiracy, like in.
The article quoting that, who were they quoting? That said they,
they fortified the.
Election.
There was apparently some entire group under one guy with hundreds of
activists who told their people don't riot in the streets have a dance
party. Instead I would highly recommend time magazine.
I read the, I.
Read the, the, the blurb about the fortifying and I was like, Hmm. Yeah,
that's a disturbing quote. But what does it mean? What do, what are they trying.
To what they mean, what their, the claim of the article is.
We went right up to the door, Medling with the election,
but all we cared about was free and fair. And we had a huge conspiracy.
So Donald Trump wasn't wrong. There was a huge conspiracy,
but we are so committed to democracy that even though we hate Donald Trump with
the passion that, you know, won't let go 24 7, uh,
we still would never do anything against an election.
The problem is with a guy like Trump, you can almost justify some that's.
I.
If you claim that you're, you have to fight all enemies, foreign and domestic,
and you claim that he's a Russian asset.
You're pretty much saying that you have to do something drastic. Yeah.
And so the number of things that people claim is what the problem is because
they're not all compatible and,
and what I'm trying to get it more broadly is over and over.
I see the same move, which is deny, deny, deny we get caught. Yeah.
Limited hangout. Yeah, we did that.
That's the kind of stuff we do because we have to do it. But I don't.
Think they're saying they got caught.
I think they're saying that what we did was make sure the election was fair.
It was.
I think the concept of a limited did hang out where you know,
that something is too big to hold back.
So you push a part of it into the public. Not all of it. That's the limited.
And you let the public think, okay,
well now you know the truth and it stops there.
And then they stop asking questions because they've got a new toy to play with.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is abso absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.